Reo Ogundare:
Through the efforts of Breece Pingle, Michael Yang, and I, this project is functional in certain respects.

Overall the team is accomplishing goals, but some members (Yuxuan/Charlie Song, Zhi Huang) 
have offerred no assistance or response to assignments on github or team communication starting from Sprint2.

Others (Nick Habeth) Have been unresponsive since the midpoint of Sprint3. 

I feel it would be remiss to ignore the extended difficulty in completing all aspects of the desired project with 
the predicted workload of this course using only 3 of the original 6 team-members. 
This has caused certain difficulties throughout documentation of progress, timely bug-checking,
and even implementation of Sprint requirements. Some specific features that have been delayed in project functionality
include a complete inventory system, pickups of items, runtime-persistent memory, and a higher quality user interface.  


Breece Pingle:
Sprint 4 was primarily handeled by Reo Ogundare and Michael Yang. I was able to
help with some areas, such as the pause menu and win menu, however this pales
in comparison to the work done by the other two members this time around. I do
not even mention Yuxuan Song, Zhi Huang, or Nick Habeth, as they have been
unresponsive for most if not all of the work of this project. This makes
meeting deadlines extremely difficult, and overwhelming when considering the
other classes and work that Reo, Michael, and I may be experiencing.

Michael Yang:
I think Reo, Breece and I really contributes to this project with great efforts, 
while other guys just fail to participate the group work with unknown reasons.

We lose contact with @Yuxuan Song and @Zhi Huang since the first group meeting 
at September and lose contact with @Nick Habeth since the midpoint of Sprint3. 

Generally, Reo focus on the overall function of map like objects initialization, 
map initialization, map bounds and so on; Breece focus on Link, including its states, 
commands, characteristics, collision with other objects. I generally focus on Block, 
Enemy, Item, Sound, Collision handling and commands of using items, with lots of 
details and categories within them. 

I think my contribution is the basis of a game because that is generally all elements
that needed. I feel like I create a map editor that contains components to create a map. 
For sprint4, I generally create sound effects, background music and add more details 
to previous part like enemy movement, item effects, damage system, item bag with count. 
And all of these make our projects more like a game.

And for sprint5, I want make some easter eggs like special blocks, which can be
destroyed by bomb and then player can find a secret way.
